# LLM Specification

This directory contains the prompts strings and the business logic for interacting with the LLM (AI) API. The provider of our choice is Perplexity and will do the following actions:

- Get influencer claims: Takes the influencer tweets from the mongo database that ARE NOT VERIFIED as arguments and disects them into a series of health claims. Example: Dr. Mario says that eggs are good because "this research/statistics/paper". The result of this prompt will be a list of claims like for "Eggs are good because they have x or y nutrient which is important for z thing"
- Remove duplicate claims: This is our next step in the workflow right after get influencer claims. What this will do is compare the claims from our PostgreSQL database table Claims that are made by the same influencer. Will store these claims in a multi-line string each separated by new lines and will prompt ask for the AI model to check if these new claims are already in our stored claims for that influencer. The ones that pass as not yet stored in our database will be added to it. This sameness have to be both the claim and the reson for the health benefit/bad effect. Example, in order for eggs to be added to the claim it cannot be both "eggs are good" and the "why they are good" from the example above. This can be in a same prompt, no need to loop through each of them. Just tell the model explicitly what to do and give both claims list as part of the raw text. If it makes part of the api features, we can also format the output like we can do in langchain.
- Categorize influencer claim: After we are done with the above methods, we run a new prompt, in this prompt, we want the model to add separated by a " | " the category each claim belongs. They strictly have to be either "nutrition", "medicine", "mental health" or "fitness"
- Verify influencer claim: Cross reference and specify to which medical journal to verify the claim. 